# E-PUMP
Data   mining   is   the   hot   topic   of the   day.  All organizations   are   moving   towards implementation of IOT into their business for effective development. The project titled “E-Pump” is aimed at automating a petrol pump by providing support to the customer outside the organization. It is aweb-based application, is to manage the booking and delivery of petrol and diesel to the customer in a particular location. It mainly focuses on helping people who get stuck in a place when no petrol pumps are nearby you can soon have the comfort of buying them on one click,without going to the fuel pump. And also, the system provides the job opportunity in each petrol pumps. The database includes information about registered users &amp; registered pump. The project has three levels of access, admin level, pump level and registered user level. These are the three modules used in the system. In admin module, admin can update the current fuel price, view &amp; approve registered pump and orders, view feedback etc.In pump module, users are provided the option to book fuel from a remote location which will be reached by Google cloud services. Registered pump can view orders, add vacancies, approve applications, list pump and stock details, keep pump records. And the registered user module has provision to order fuel, view their previous orders, and apply for new job. This   project   is   developed   using   PHP   as server   scripting   language   and   MySQL as database.Php source is widely used. Open scripting language and MySQL as backend. 
